---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "discord_guild Data Source - discord"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# discord_guild (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The ID of the guild.
- `name` (String) The name of the guild.

### Read-Only

- `afk_channel_id` (String) The ID of the AFK voice channel.
- `afk_timeout` (Number) The timeout, in seconds, before a user is considered AFK in voice.
- `application_id` (String) The application id of the guild if bot created.
- `approximate_member_count` (Number) Approximate number of members in this guild, returned from the GET /guild/<id> endpoint when with_counts is true.
- `approximate_presence_count` (Number) Approximate number of non-offline members in this guild, returned from the GET /guild/<id> endpoint when with_counts is true.
- `banner` (String) The hash of the guild's banner.
- `default_message_notifications` (String) The default message notification setting for the guild.
- `description` (String) The description of the guild.
- `discovery_splash` (String) The hash of the guild's discovery splash.
- `explicit_content_filter` (String) The explicit content filter level.
- `features` (List of String) Enabled guild features.
- `icon` (String) The hash of the guild's icon.
- `max_members` (Number) The maximum number of members for the guild.
- `max_presences` (Number) The maximum number of presences for the guild.
- `max_stage_video_channel_users` (Number) The maximum amount of users in a stage video channel.
- `max_video_channel_users` (Number) The maximum amount of users in a video channel.
- `mfa_level` (String) Required MFA level for the guild.
- `nsfw_level` (String) The NSFW Level of the guild.
- `owner` (Boolean) If we are the owner of the guild.
- `owner_id` (String) The user ID of the owner of the guild.
- `permissions` (Number) Permissions of our user.
- `preferred_locale` (String) The preferred locale of a guild with the 'PUBLIC' feature; used in server discovery and notices from Discord; defaults to 'en-US'.
- `premium_progress_bar_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the guild has the boost progress bar enabled.
- `premium_subscription_count` (Number) The total number of users currently boosting this server.
- `premium_tier` (String) The premium tier of the guild (Server Boost Level).
- `public_updates_channel_id` (String) The id of the channel where admins and moderators of guilds with the 'PUBLIC' feature receive notices from Discord.
- `region` (String) The voice region of the guild.
- `rules_channel_id` (String) The ID of the rules channel ID, used for rules.
- `safety_alerts_channel_id` (String) The id of the channel where admins and moderators of Community guilds receive safety alerts from Discord.
- `splash` (String) The hash of the guild's splash.
- `system_channel_flags` (List of String) The System channel flags.
- `system_channel_id` (String) The Channel ID to which system messages are sent (eg join and leave messages).
- `vanity_url_code` (String) The vanity url code for the guild.
- `verification_level` (String) The verification level required for the guild.
- `widget_channel_id` (String) The Channel ID for the Server Widget.
- `widget_enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not the Server Widget is enabled.
