---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "discord_member Data Source - discord"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# discord_member (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `guild_id` (String) The ID of the guild.

### Optional

- `discriminator` (String) The user's Discord-tag.
- `id` (String) The ID of the member.
- `username` (String) The username of the member, not unique across the platform.

### Read-Only

- `avatar` (String) The member's guild avatar hash.
- `communication_disabled_until` (String) When the user's timeout will expire.
- `deaf` (Boolean) Whether the user is deafened in voice channels.
- `flags` (List of String) Guild member flags
- `joined_at` (String) When the user joined the guild.
- `mute` (Boolean) Whether the user is muted in voice channels.
- `nick` (String) This user's guild nickname (if one is set).
- `pending` (Boolean) Whether the user has not yet passed the guild's Membership Screening requirements.
- `permissions` (List of String) Total permissions of the member in the channel, including overwrites, returned when in the interaction object.
- `premium_since` (String) When the user started boosting the guild.
- `roles` (List of String) Array of roles
- `user` (Attributes) The user object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user))

<a id="nestedatt--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user`

Read-Only:

- `accent_color` (String)
- `avatar` (String)
- `banner` (String)
- `bot` (Boolean)
- `discriminator` (String)
- `email` (String)
- `flags` (List of String)
- `global_name` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `locale` (String)
- `mfa_enabled` (Boolean)
- `premium_type` (String)
- `public_flags` (List of String)
- `system` (Boolean)
- `username` (String)
- `verified` (Boolean)
