---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "discord_channel Resource - discord"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# discord_channel (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `guild_id` (String) The ID of the guild.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The ID of the channel.
- `name` (String) The name of the channel.
- `parent_id` (String) The ID of the parent category for a channel.
- `position` (Number) The position of the channel.
- `topic` (String) The topic of the channel.
- `type` (String) The type of the channel.

### Read-Only

- `application_id` (String) ApplicationID of the DM creator Zeroed if guild channel or not a bot user
- `applied_tags` (List of String) The IDs of the set of tags that have been applied to a thread in a forum channel.
- `bitrate` (Number) The bitrate of the channel, if it is a voice channel.
- `children` (List of String) The IDs of the child channels of the category, if the channel is a category.
- `default_forum_layout` (String) The default layout of threads in the channel.
- `default_sort_order` (String) The default sort order of threads in the channel.
- `default_thread_rate_limit_per_user` (Number) Amount of seconds a user has to wait before sending another message in a thread (0-21600)
- `flags` (List of String) Channel flags.
- `icon` (String) Icon of the group DM channel.
- `last_pin_timestamp` (String) The timestamp of the last pinned message in the channel.
- `last_updated` (String) The last time the resource was updated.
- `nsfw` (Boolean) Whether the channel is marked as NSFW.
- `owner_id` (String) ID of the creator of the group DM or thread
- `rate_limit_per_user` (Number) Amount of seconds a user has to wait before sending another message or creating another thread (0-21600)
- `user_limit` (Number) The user limit of the voice channel.
